This place is nice
You can buy it as a back garden
Hum, that's Ling Feng
This is something a nouveau riche would say.
How can someone like you come to such a high-end place?
It's really disgusting.
You are the eldest son of the Li family
Li Hongyi
Wang Shiyu
Why are you here?
You can come here
Why can't I come?
Tell you the truth
I am Mr. Li's personal secretary now.
It's much better than your Xingyue Media which is about to go bankrupt.
Haven't seen you for a few days
Miss Wang's bottom line is even lower
Didn't you just make a fortune from nowhere?
What qualifications do you have to say me?
Look at how poor you are.
Compared with our Li Shao, it is a world of difference.
Oh yeah
I heard that Wang Shiyu is your ex-girlfriend, right?
Have to say
Really?
Then I'll tell you something you don't know.
What is it?